Once upon a time there was a doctor named Susie. She was a very patient and kind lady who always supported others. Every day she took her to see lots of patients. She always tried to help them feel better. She was always so kind and always willing to lend a hand.One day, a patient called Sally came to see Susie. Sally was very sick and needed help. Susie was always so gentle and caring, not taking extra time to help others. When Sally asked her if she was okay, Susie just smiled and reassured her that she would be alright soon. She was so patient with Sally as she played and chased around the toy store.It was so nice to see how patient and caring Susie is between helping others. She continues to be sure to always lend a hand whenever she can and remember to be there for her when feeling ill.

Once upon a time there was a lawyer named Cass. Cass and Tim went to a big city. They decided to sit on the corner. It was a little dizzy when they sat because they were too dizzy.At the office, Mommy and Daddy talked to the boss. They asked the lawyer for help. They listened to his ideas and his ideas. The lawyer gave them big smiles. He showed them how to mix some ingredients together to make a cookie. The lawyer's ideas and his ideas fit the cookie dough. His ideas were so neat and the cookie dough was extra yummy! The lawyer thanked him and said, "Thanks for your help. You kept your ideas nice and happy." Cass and Tim smiled as they watched the lawyer leave the office. They waved goodbye as they walked away, still feeling happy each

Once upon a time there was a teacher named Mr. Jam and Mrs. Bunny. Mr. Bunny has very cool haircuts that everyone wanted. One day Mrs. Bunny said, "Tomorrow we will have a new surprise."The next morning, Mrs. Bunny came over to Rob's house. When they got to the house Mrs. Bunny said, "I have a new surprise for you!" She pulled out a big bicycle ticket.Mr. Bunny said, "This is for you my grandkids. Now settle down and take it for a ride." The little bunnies were so happy!They sat quietly and quietly, taking turns on the bicycle. Then Mrs. Bunny gave them a surprise, a cool drink. The little bunnies were so excited. They each had a cool drink!All the bunnies were so happy to be outside on such a cool day. And they thanked Mrs. Bunny for the special surprise.

Once upon a time there was a pilot named Judy. She loved to measure everything: trees, houses, farms, and anything else. She was really careful to measure each inch so that every time that she got a bit closer to the number. One day Judy was flying to measure a star in the sky. She drew a line through the line with her finger and measured it for a long time. She was almost done when something terrible happened. One of the letters flew too close and hit Judy in the face. It hurt a lot!Judy was very frightened and ran away from the window to escape from the bad hit. But unfortunately the bad letter kept rolling closer and closer until it was right at the edge of the world. Judy was so scared and upset she couldn't believe it! She had been measured and measured, but still got past the bad letter.The bad letter that Judy had measured was gone forever and Judy was left feeling very sad and lonely.

Once upon a time there was a chef named Jane. She was a beautiful chef and loved to make delicious food. One day, she wanted to help her family in the kitchen so she decided to make a special dish. She gathered some ingredients and placed them in a bowl. Jane began to stir the mixture in the pot. As the mixture stirred, Jane could smell how delicious it was. As Jane finished stirring, her stomach started to grumble. When she looked in the bowl and saw that her dish was the most delicious one ever! Jane smiled and was very proud of her cooking. She served it to her family and they all loved it. But Jane knew that her family appreciated her hard work and creativity. This was a great day for Jane and that was a yummy meal.

Once upon a time there was a scientist named Andrew. Andrew wanted to learn to part his eye and see what would happen. So, he got his tools out and he started to work.Andrew was having a difficult time with his eye and it made him frustrated. A peeled carrot lay laid on the counter and he couldn't figure out how to use it. But he didn't give up and kept on trying.After a while, something surprising happened. He saw a monkey making all the noise he had heard out-tapped. Andrew had finally found a way to part his eye and see what was happening. He was so thankful that he quickly finished his project.The end.

Once upon a time there was a nurse named Label. He was a very adventurous nurse and he was always looking for a fun adventure.One day, Label saw something shiny. He wanted to get it. He chased it and soon he caught it! It was a small box and it was full of surprises."Hey," said Label. "What do you think it is? I think it's a surprise for me."So she opened the box and out came lots of toys. Label was so happy! He started playing but he was also very bored."Let's do something," said Label.So they both started playing with the toys together. They had a lot fun and no matter how bored things were, they were having a great time!Label and they decided that they would do something special together will play all the time again. They were so happy!

Once upon a time there was a artist named Lucy. She loved making art and thought it was beautiful. One day she had a bright idea. She decided to make a garden just for the butterflies.Lucy loved her garden and wanted everyone to see it. She got ready for her project and started to make the most colourful garden.But all of Lucy's friends weren't as careful as she was. They were in lots of danger and they took over the garden now.Suddenly, Lucy realized that the sun was too harsh in that morning and took off all her colourful art. She had caused the garden all over again! It was a sad ending, but Lucy was kind and decided to keep creating wonderful designs in her mind.

Once upon a time there was a sheriff named Jimmy. He was a very nice man and he had a special pistol with him. He was selfish and liked to show off his pistol to everyone.One day, Jimmy was very excited because he was going to go hunting with his family to practice his hunting skills. He was sure he could win. But when he went out, he sneezed nearby. His sneeze was so strong that his pistol had made him lose.Jimmy got angry and started to shout at everyone. He said it was the dad's honourpiece and the fact that his pistol was better. But the dad said that Jimmy should be too proud to be called selfish.Jimmy was unhappy and left the mule behind. Despite his argives gameings was up, Jimmy suddenly came up with a plan. It was a fake cleaning potion!Jimmy signed the problem onto the potion and put it over theRief got a closer advantage and the most popular prank you had just noticed.

Once upon a time there was a judge named Lou who was very competitive. He liked to think and make the best decisions, but sometimes it was fun to get a mark first, but he wanted to understand.  Everyone around was friendly and noticed the judge being very popular.One day, Lou decided to take a picture with him and go and get X-rays. He went to the park and sat on the grass playing with his mini toy car, and paused to think before taking in the world. He asked the judge: "What do you think of X-rays?" The judge smiled. "That sounds like lots of fun. Could I have one, please?" The judge nodded and picked up the camera. He clicked the button and suddenly a picture of a beautiful flower appeared in his place. Lou was amazed and couldn't believe his drawing was so popular. From then on, Lou would take pictures of all of the cool things that made him happy, and he always

Once upon a time there was a accountant named one of the Ocean that was so impressive. The Luckenone was so fast! This would be a very useful job.One day it rained very hard so the Job teacher decided he had to swim deeper than usual and come up with one final task. When the Job teacher stepped on drained water boxes, he noticed a big storm coming too fast.He quickly ran and followed the subs and saved the day! The Luck grabbed the wreck and the little money, he jumped out of the water and ran away as fast as he could. He made it back home safe and sound, safe and sound.The Job teacher had saved the little money and he was very happy. He was very useful and proud of his cartoons.

Once upon a time there was a dancer named Daisy. She was very popular amongst the crowd. She always loved to dance and she was very good at it. One day, she wanted to give something special to another child who was struggling to deliver a message. She thought for a while and then came up with an even better plan.Daisy called a special competition. The best part was that she could do it! Everyone else was excited and they all worked hard to find the perfect place to deliver a message. Daisy was excited to give it to someone who would understand so quickly.On the day of the competition, all the kids ran up to Daisy's house for the perfect message. It was a big success! In the end, Daisy was thrilled that she had managed to deliver the poem and share it with her friends and family. Even the littlest person was impressed by Daisy's letter! It was the best day ever for Daisy. She was so glad she had found an attractive way to deliver

Once upon a time there was a athlete named Max. Max was a nice boy and he loved to go to the park to play. Every day, Max would go to the park and run around with his friends. One day, Max and his friends were playing tag in the park when they heard a loud noise! They all wished they could part and stop playing.Suddenly, a man started yelling at them. He was a police officer and he wanted to help someone in trouble. Max's friend Jack was scared and he ran away crying. Max knew that wasn't right and he wanted to help. He said to Jack, "Let's be nice and talk to the police officer." So they walked up to the police officer and asked for help. The officer then asked them to come to the park and talk to the sick children. Daisy and the kids were very scared, but they agreed to join the police officers and help solve their problem. The police officer was very nice and he talked to the kids

Once upon a time there was a baker named Jenny. She really liked to bake cakes. Every day she would take out her oven, flour, sugar and butter and mix them together.One day, as she was turning on the oven, she heard a thin sound. It was coming from the fridge in her kitchen! Jenny ran to the fridge and opened it. Inside, she saw a tiny ice cream cone!"Oh, wow!" she said happily.Jenny picked up the ice cream cone in her hands and licked it. The ice cream was melted, so sweet and creamy! Jenny kept eating it until she finished it all.When Jenny was done, she put the empty bowl back in the fridge, and shut the door. She was glad she had something yummy to eat. And she was also happy that the sun was out. She smiled, thinking about how she had to open the fridge for the ice cream.
