Once upon a time there was a doctor named Jack. He was fit and strong, loved helping people.One day, Jack was working on an operation. He soon came across a little girl named Mary who was scared. Even though Jack told her not to worry, he said "hello" to her.Mary was still scared, and the doctor could tell her not to worry. He said that everything would be okay for her to do the operation. Mary felt a little bit better.Jack helped Mary and made sure she was fit. He even helped her little brother and made sure that she was always safe.At the end of the operation, Mary was smiling. She thanked Jack for his help and for helping her son. She had learned lessons about not being scared and having someone stronger than her.

Once upon a time there was a lawyer named Matt. He was very new and people stopped to talk to him. He came across a big building which said "Quiet down."Matt thought it was a bad idea but he was very curious. So he did as he was told and soon his house became quiet.All of a sudden he heard a voice and it said, "What are you doing?" It was the jail officer!Matt replied, "I thought it was a good idea to reverse the law in this house."The jail officer said, "Smart Jackie, you know a lot! This house is the law of the world."Matt smiled and said, "But it was fun to reverse the law."The jail officer nodded and said, "Yes it was. But the law hates them."Matt thanked the jail officer and went on his way.The moral of the story is that it pays to be creative, but also to be careful when you

Once upon a time there was a teacher named Miss Jane. She loved to answer any questions and her class was empty.One day, when Miss Jane was busy writing something on the top of her desk, she heard a voice coming from her kitchen floor. She looked down to see a small mouse squeezing a piece of cheese into the board.Miss Jane gasped and said, " mouse, that's naughty! Put that cheese down!"The mouse replied, "No, I won't. I'm making sure no one steals the cheese."Miss Jane was getting frustrated and said, "That's not right. You must ask before you litter into someone else's work. That's not nice."The mouse knew from the right place and quickly put the cheese back. Miss Jane saw what he had done and said, "That's the right thing to do!"Missy stared at him in amazement and said, "I suppose you won't tell everyone what to do with it again!"

Once upon a time there was a pilot named Bobby. He flew a plane on his travels.One day, Bobby was flying in his plane when he saw a tree fall. He crashed the plane right into the tree. Bobby felt so sorry. He called for help, but no one was around.Suddenly, he saw a 3-year-old child standing alone above the tree. Bobby flew to the child and offered to help. He told the little girl not to worry and helped him onto his plane. Together, they flew the plane back to its home in the tree. Bobby and the 3-year-old child became good friends after that until finally Bobby had to fly on time.The end.

Once upon a time there was a chef named Mandy. She was always getting in on the same hurry. Every day she would go to a meeting. She always arrived late and didn't leave enough time when things were difficult.One day, Mandy decided to do something special. She got all her friends together to help her. With all her strength and courage, they settled on making a big, yummy cake. Everyone was really happy and ate together at the table.After pouring a big spoonful of sugar, the cake was melted and it was really delicious. Mandy had won her meeting at the meeting. Everyone was so impressed and even Mandy felt really proud.Finally it was time to finish. Mandy and her friends all said all their hard work had been worth it. It was a perfect day, and everyone loved it!

Once upon a time there was a scientist named Jack. He was a very intelligent scientist and loved to invent experiments.One day, Jack sat at his work table to think about what he could do. He waved his hands in the air and said: "Today I should be going on a trip!" Everybody was excited for Jack, but how could he start his trip in his spaceship!Then suddenly, there was an unexpected noise in the sky. It was a plane! The plane came closer and closer to Jack. The pilot shouted, "Quickly! Hide in the spaceship! We better be quiet!"Jack hid inside the spaceship, feeling scared and very grateful that he was warned about the plane.When he looked out of the window he saw what was happening. A bird was heading directly into the pilot's possible suggestion. Jack was terrified, but he learned an important lesson in how to act. It's important to be careful, so you can avoid bad

Once upon a time there was a nurse named Jane. She wore a white uniform. Every day, Jane worked and worked with her colleagues.One day, she decided to take a short break. Jane said, "I have to complete this task. I'm a great nurse and I help people. That's what I do!"Her friends and teacher said, "OK!" too, but they were not as sure of how Jane seemed.Finally, after weeks of work, something incredible happened. Jane was finished, and all her friends congratulated her. She felt nice and was thankful for the help that the nurses asked her to do.And ever since then, the nurse wears her uniform proudly.

Once upon a time there was a artist named Jack. Jack was making a picture, but it looked dull. He was very sad. He knew he couldn't finish making the picture he wanted. So, he decided to clean up the house.One day, Jack found a brush and some polish. He took them to a big white wall and started scrubbing. After a couple time, it was the perfect length of the wall! It looked boring now.Jill was so angry that she shouted, "Why did you do this?" Jack stopped and said, "I'm sorry. I thought I could finish it. I wanted to make my picture look special in something new."Jill softened. She said, "Well that's a good idea. Let's put your picture in a special box and then we can color it with some colors!"Jack and Jill put the brush and the polish in the box and put the picture onto the wall. Then, just howl and '

Once upon a time there was a sheriff named Bob. Bob was fair and he worked very hard. He had the best life ever!One day Bob went to a store to buy some matches. The store owner asked him, "Do you see all the matches in there?" Bob nodded.The store owner looked at the matches very carefully and smiled. "Yes, these matches are just what you need," he said. "If you sign your name on it, you can have money for a bargain."Bob was confused but he knew he needed the money. He signed the paper with disappointment. The storeowner said, "Don't be sad. This was close! Please go home and just don't pay."Bob walked back to his home with a smile on his face. His dream of selling matches were over. What a fair payment!

Once upon a time there was a judge named Jack. He was tall and kind. One day, Jack's friends were all playing a game of hide and seek. He wanted to join in because he was too good at hiding.Jack kept looking around after his friends, but no matter how hard he tried he couldn't find them. He got more and more frustrated until one of his friends noticed the problem. She spotted that one of Jack's classmates had gotten away into big grunts and uncles rumbled and she couldn't deny that she was really good at seeking.Jack was so embarrassed that he couldn't help himself and he decided to take a chance. He tried his hardest to stay calm and gave one last 'desum'. In the end, both he and his friends made up for a while and returned back where they had started.

Once upon a time there was a accountant named Sarah. Sarah was always very organized and looked at her surroundings carefully.One day, Sarah noticed another lady in the corner of the same area. This lady had lots of money and was so wealthy. Sarah called up to the lady, "Excuse me, do you need help?"The lady giggled and said, "No, I can do lots of staying organised, but I think I can afford this money enough."Sarah was surprised. She thought to herself, "Wow, that's really expensive." She decided that she must have enough money to do such jobs like saving the day for her to spend the money.So she did some chores for her neighbors and saved a little bit of money. In the end, Sarah made enough money to buy the lady's very clean and tidy. The lady who was wealthy also had a job. Her job was to help people in

Once upon a time there was a dancer named Meg. She was very brave and liked to explore the world. One day, Meg was dancing in the park when she saw something shiny. She went closer to take a look and saw it was a door.Meg had never seen a door before and wanted to open it. She jumped up and hopped over to it and tried to turn the lock but it wouldn't open.Then suddenly her friends came running over and they said, "Let's try together!"Everyone got out all sorts of cards and crossed their fingers. Then they turned the big lock. The door slowly opened and they felt their breath. Inside was a beautiful

Once upon a time there was a athlete named Joey. He loved to play sports, but he wasn't very good at it. He got very upset and felt sad.One day Joey decided to make a request to the local coach. He asked for help and the coach said he would help him. He and Joey went to the court and the coach taught Joey how to play better. Joey felt his sadness starting to fade away.The coach also showed Joey how to support his teammates, basketball, and the occasional bite or two. For the first time, Joey was good at sports. He even joined a team!One day, after a competition, Joey was celebrated as the team won many trophies. He was so happy and proud of himself. He couldn't believe what had happened!Everyone was so happy for Joey and offered to support him too. Joey said to his coach: "I will always support my teammates no matter what." From then on, Joey always looked forward to sports.

Once upon a time there was a baker named Mr. Radish. He had a modest bakery house filled with lots of baking treats. Every day Mr. Radish was allowed to bake something. One day, the baker decided to bake a special treat for Mr. Radish.Mr. Radish smiled when he saw the treat. He couldn't wait to try it. He carefully placed the special treat in a bowl and put it in front of Mr. Radish.Mr. Radish took his treat out of the bakery. He squeezed the treat into the bowl and mixed it with some other ingredients. He put it in the oven and waited.When Mr. Radish checked the treat he couldn't believe his eyes - it was a delicious cake! It was made with love - like a million sweets.Mr. Radish was so thrilled that he couldn't help but smile. He cut a piece of cake and shared it with his elderly friend. After that, Mr. Radish always remembered
